README.md, before:

Visual Studio Code App Icons
======================================

A fun little project for custom [Microsoft® Visual Studio Code](http://code.visualstudio.com) Icons. All rights reserved with [@Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft) and the respective owners of the themes I am using whether it is Marvel, DC or simple editor themes.

---

## Hacktoberfest V

This was created by [Felix](https://github.com/fzeeb)

<a href="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com"><img src="linux/hacktoberfest.png" alt="hacktoberfest" title="Cobalt2 by Wes Bos" width="256"/></a>


## Based on the Popular Themes

Hovering on them will reveal the names, and clicking them will take you to the theme pages.

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wesbos.theme-cobalt2"><img src="linux/cobalt2.png" alt="Cobalt 2" title="Cobalt2 by Wes Bos" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=leveluptutorials.theme-levelup"><img src="linux/levelup.png" title="LevelUp Tutorials" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights-one.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights-two.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula.png" title="Dracula" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_one.png" title="Dracula Option One" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_two.png" title="Dracula Option Two" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_three.png" title="Dracula Option Three" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_four.png" title="Dracula Option Four" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_five.png" title="Dracula Option Five" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://labs.voronianski.com/oceanic-next-color-scheme/"><img src="linux/oceanic-next.png" title="Oceanic Next" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://www.monokai.pro/vscode/"><img src="linux/monokai-pro.png" title="Monokai Pro" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sdras.night-owl"><img src="linux/night-owl.png" title="Night Owl by Sarah Drasner" width="128"/></a><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Equinusocio.vsc-material-theme"><img src="linux/material.png" title="Materal by by Akash Debnath" width="128"/></a><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lkytal.FlatUI"><img src="linux/flat_ui.png" title="Flat UI by by Akash Debnath" width="128"/></a>

## Based on Super Heroes

All rights reserved etc to DC and Marvel. I own nothing. Just inspired by the characters :)

<img src="linux/wonder-woman.png" title="Wonder Woman" width="128"/> <img src="linux/batgirl.png" title="Batgirl" width="128"/> <img src="linux/flash.png" title="Flash" width="128"/> <img src="linux/flash_alternative.png" title="Flash Alternative" width="128"/> <img src="linux/batman.png" title="Batman" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ironman.png" title="Iron Man" width="128"/> <img src="linux/spiderman.png" title="Spider-Man" width="128"/> <img src="linux/black_panther.png" title="Black Panther" width="128"/> <img src="linux/daredevil.png" title="Daredevil" width="128"/> <img src="linux/luke_cage.png" title="Luke Cage" width="128"/> <img src="linux/green_arrow.png" title="Green Arrow" width="128"/>  <img src="linux/hulk.png" title="Hulk" width="128"/> <img src="linux/avengers.png" title="Avengers" width="128"/>

## Apps, OS
<img src="linux/xcode.png" title="Xcode" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sublime-text.png" title="Sublime Text" width="128"/> <img src="linux/spotify.png" title="Spotify" width="128"/> <img src="linux/github.png" title="Github" width="128"/> <img src="linux/github-inverse.png" title="Github" width="128"/> <a href="https://stpp.co/dhanishgajjar_git"><img src="linux/setapp.png" title="Setapp" width="128"/></a> <img src="linux/things.png" title="Things" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vim.png" title="Vim" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ubuntu.png" width="128" title="Ubuntu"/> <img src="linux/vs_og--violet.png" width="128" title="Visual Studio"/> <img src="linux/instagram.png" title="Instagram" width="128"/> <img src="linux/instagram-white.png" title="Instagram White" width="128"/> <img src="linux/safari.png" title="Safari" width="128" /> <img src="linux/android-studio.png" title="Android Studio IDE" width="128" /> <img src="linux/android-studio-inverse.png" title="Android Studio IDE" width="128" /> 

## Holidays
These icons were contributed by [@clarkio](https://github.com/clarkio)

<img src="linux/new-year.png" alt="New Year's Day" title="New Year's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/christmas.png" alt="Christmas" title="Christmas" width="128"/> <img src="linux/chanukah.png" alt="Chanukah" title="Chanukah" width="128"/> <img src="linux/kwanza.png" alt="Kwanza" title="Kwanza" width="128"/> <img src="linux/valentines.png" alt="Valentine's Day" title="Valentine's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/st-patricks.png" alt="St. Patrick's Day" title="St. Patrick's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/easter.png" alt="Easter" title="Easter" width="128"/> <img src="linux/independence-day.png" alt="Independence Day" title="Independence Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/halloween.png" alt="Halloween" title="Halloween" width="128"/> <img src="linux/thanksgiving.png" alt="Thanksgiving" title="Thanksgiving" width="128"/>

## Movies, TVShows, Books and Games

<img src="linux/stranger-things.png" title="Stranger Things" width="128"/> <img src="linux/matrix.png" title="Matrix" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw-2.png"  width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw-3.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/stark.png" title="House of Stark" width="128"/> <img src="linux/lannister.png" title="House of Lannister" width="128"/> <img src="linux/targaryen.png" title="House of Targaryen" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Jessica Van Rooyen](https://github.com/jessicavrooyen)

<img src="linux/gryffindor.png" title="Gryffindor" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ravenclaw.png" title="Ravenclaw" width="128"/> <img src="linux/huffelpuff.png" title="Hufflepuff" width="128"/> <img src="linux/slytherin.png" title="Slytherin" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Liam Richardson](https://github.com/discoliam)

<img src="linux/sw-bb8.png" title="BB8" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-boba-fett.png" title="Boba Fett" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-c3p0.png" title="C3P0" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-chewbacca.png" title="Chewbacca" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-darth-vader.png" title="Darth Vader" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-jedi-robes.png" title="Jedi Robes" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-lando-esb.png" title="Lando ESB" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-lando-solo.png" title="Lando Solo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-r2d2.png" title="R2D2" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-storm-trooper.png" title="Storm Trooper" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-xwing-pilot.png" title="xwing pilot" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-yoda.png" title="Yoda" width="128"/>

This icon was contributed by [George](https://github.com/jorgeb12)

<img src="linux/mrrobot.png" title="Mr Robot" width="128"/>

## Sports

These icons were contributed by [Aral Tasher](https://github.com/araltasher)

<img src="linux/barca.png" width="128" title="FC Barcelona"/> <img src="linux/champions_league-2018.png" width="128" title="Champions League"/> <img src="linux/real_madrid.png" width="128" title="Real Madrid C.F."/> <img src="linux/atletico_madrid.png" width="128" title="Atlético Madrid"/> <img src="linux/borussia.png" width="128" title="Borussia Dortmund"/> <img src="linux/galatasaray.png" width="128" title="Galatasaray S.K."/> <img src="linux/liverpool.png" width="128" title="Liverpool F.C."/>


These icons were contributed by [Alex Aquino](https://github.com/alexaquino)

<img src="linux/flamengo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/corinthians.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/parana.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vasco.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/palmeiras.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/cruzeiro.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botafogo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sao-paulo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/fluminense.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/santos.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/gremio.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/internacional.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/chape.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/atletico-mg.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/america-mg.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/bahia.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vitoria.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sport.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/atletico-pr.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ceara.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/fenerbahçe.png" width="128"/>

## Countries

<img src="linux/brazil.png" title="brazil" width="128"/> <img src="linux/brazil2.png" title="Brazil2" width="128"/><img src="linux/Egypt.png" title="Egypt" width="128"/><img src="linux/Egypt2.png" title="Egypt2" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Akash Debnath](https://github.com/reactuserakash)

<img src="linux/india.png" title="India" width="128"/><img src="linux/germany.png" title="Germany" width="128"/><img src="linux/china.png" title="China" width="128"/>

## Misc

<img src="linux/white-on-black.png" title="White on Black" width="128"/> <img src="linux/black-on-white.png" title="Black on White" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon.png" title="Neon" width="128"/> <img src="linux/stackoverflow.png" title="stackoverflow.com" width="128"/> <img src="linux/emo.png" title="Emo" width="128"/>


These icons were contributed by [Andrew Mundy](https://github.com/andrewmundy)

<img src="linux/neon-green.png" title="green" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-multi.png" title="multi" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-prerelease.png" title="prerelease" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-infinity.png" title="infinity" width="128"/>

## Pixar Characters

<img src="linux/lightning-mcqueen.png" title="Cars: Lightning-McQueen" width="128"/> <img src="linux/wall-e.png" title="Wall-e" width="128"/> <img src="linux/monsters-inc-mike.png" title="Monsters Inc.: Mike" width="128"/> <img src="linux/monsters-inc-sully.png" title="Monsters Inc.: Sully" width="128"/> <img src="linux/nemo-in-the-ocean.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Nemo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/nemo.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Nemo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/dory.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Dory" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ratatouille-remi.png" title="Ratatouille: Remi" width="128"/> <img src="linux/the-incredibles-1.png" title="The Incredibles 1" width="128"/> <img src="linux/the-incredibles-2.png" title="The Incredibles 2" width="128"/>
---

## How to Contribute

 - Download the `vscode.sketch` file
 - There are a lot of versions. It makes it easy to for anyone to change colors
 - Make a copy of any of the versions
 - Change the colors and create your icon
 - Select the artboard and export a `svg` file
 - Select the artboard again and export a `png` file, but @0.25x (256 x 256)
 - Download the [Image2Icon](http://www.img2icnsapp.com) App
 - Drop the `svg` as source and export a .ICNS for macOS
 - If you can afford pay for in-app purchases, so you can also export to .ico. If not then find an alternative way to create a .ico file from a `svg`
 - Make sure, the `vscode.sketch` file is saved and committed
 - Send pull request

### [VSCode Icons Manager](https://github.com/Rawnly/vscode-icons-desktop)
Please check out this VSCode Icon Manager made in Electron by [Federico Vitale](https://github.com/Rawnly)

## How to Install

**Mac OS:**

Easiest way to change the icons is by using https://freemacsoft.net/liteicon/. Just Drag and Drop the custom icon and hit `Apply Changes`.

Copy the `.icns` file you'd like to use. Find VS Code in your Applications folder, right click the icon and select `Get Info`. Click the icon in the top right corner so that a blue highlight appears around it. `⌘ + V` to paste the new icon in. It may take a few restarts of VS Code for the icon to take.

If for some reason that doesn't work, then dragging the `.icns` to the icon (in the top left) of the info pane, until you see the green plus sign and then dropping it works.

**Windows:**

Right click on the shortcut App Icon, select properties and then shortcut tab and then `change icon` button.

**Linux:**

I think this works, but not sure https://bluesabre.org/projects/menulibre/

### Contributions

Daredevil and Luke Cage by [@Rawnly](https://github.com/Rawnly)

Batgirl, Sublime Text, Neon, Spotify, White on Black and Black on White by [@fnky](https://github.com/fnky)

Monokai Pro and Night Owl by [@coltborg](https://github.com/coltborg)

Neon Set by [@andrewmundy](https://github.com/andrewmundy)

---
#### Disclaimer for Setapp
Icons inspired from Setapp brand colors are created by me. They are not created by Setapp or are based on their brand guidelines

You can get in touch with me at Twitter: [@dhanishgajjar](https://twitter.com/dhanishgajjar)
I post awesome stuff at Instagram: [@dhanishgajjar](https://instagram.com/dhanishgajjar)

Commit message:

Updated README.md with link to my VSCode Icon Generator

README.md, after:

Visual Studio Code App Icons
======================================

A fun little project for custom [Microsoft® Visual Studio Code](http://code.visualstudio.com) Icons. All rights reserved with [@Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft) and the respective owners of the themes I am using whether it is Marvel, DC or simple editor themes.

---

## Hacktoberfest V

This was created by [Felix](https://github.com/fzeeb)

<a href="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com"><img src="linux/hacktoberfest.png" alt="hacktoberfest" title="Cobalt2 by Wes Bos" width="256"/></a>


## Based on the Popular Themes

Hovering on them will reveal the names, and clicking them will take you to the theme pages.

<a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wesbos.theme-cobalt2"><img src="linux/cobalt2.png" alt="Cobalt 2" title="Cobalt2 by Wes Bos" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=leveluptutorials.theme-levelup"><img src="linux/levelup.png" title="LevelUp Tutorials" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights-one.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="http://citylights.xyz"><img src="linux/city-lights-two.png" title="City Lights" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula.png" title="Dracula" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_one.png" title="Dracula Option One" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_two.png" title="Dracula Option Two" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_three.png" title="Dracula Option Three" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_four.png" title="Dracula Option Four" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://draculatheme.com/visual-studio-code/"><img src="linux/dracula_five.png" title="Dracula Option Five" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://labs.voronianski.com/oceanic-next-color-scheme/"><img src="linux/oceanic-next.png" title="Oceanic Next" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://www.monokai.pro/vscode/"><img src="linux/monokai-pro.png" title="Monokai Pro" width="128"/></a> <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sdras.night-owl"><img src="linux/night-owl.png" title="Night Owl by Sarah Drasner" width="128"/></a><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Equinusocio.vsc-material-theme"><img src="linux/material.png" title="Materal by by Akash Debnath" width="128"/></a><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=lkytal.FlatUI"><img src="linux/flat_ui.png" title="Flat UI by by Akash Debnath" width="128"/></a>

## Based on Super Heroes

All rights reserved etc to DC and Marvel. I own nothing. Just inspired by the characters :)

<img src="linux/wonder-woman.png" title="Wonder Woman" width="128"/> <img src="linux/batgirl.png" title="Batgirl" width="128"/> <img src="linux/flash.png" title="Flash" width="128"/> <img src="linux/flash_alternative.png" title="Flash Alternative" width="128"/> <img src="linux/batman.png" title="Batman" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ironman.png" title="Iron Man" width="128"/> <img src="linux/spiderman.png" title="Spider-Man" width="128"/> <img src="linux/black_panther.png" title="Black Panther" width="128"/> <img src="linux/daredevil.png" title="Daredevil" width="128"/> <img src="linux/luke_cage.png" title="Luke Cage" width="128"/> <img src="linux/green_arrow.png" title="Green Arrow" width="128"/>  <img src="linux/hulk.png" title="Hulk" width="128"/> <img src="linux/avengers.png" title="Avengers" width="128"/>

## Apps, OS
<img src="linux/xcode.png" title="Xcode" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sublime-text.png" title="Sublime Text" width="128"/> <img src="linux/spotify.png" title="Spotify" width="128"/> <img src="linux/github.png" title="Github" width="128"/> <img src="linux/github-inverse.png" title="Github" width="128"/> <a href="https://stpp.co/dhanishgajjar_git"><img src="linux/setapp.png" title="Setapp" width="128"/></a> <img src="linux/things.png" title="Things" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vim.png" title="Vim" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ubuntu.png" width="128" title="Ubuntu"/> <img src="linux/vs_og--violet.png" width="128" title="Visual Studio"/> <img src="linux/instagram.png" title="Instagram" width="128"/> <img src="linux/instagram-white.png" title="Instagram White" width="128"/> <img src="linux/safari.png" title="Safari" width="128" /> <img src="linux/android-studio.png" title="Android Studio IDE" width="128" /> <img src="linux/android-studio-inverse.png" title="Android Studio IDE" width="128" /> 

## Holidays
These icons were contributed by [@clarkio](https://github.com/clarkio)

<img src="linux/new-year.png" alt="New Year's Day" title="New Year's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/christmas.png" alt="Christmas" title="Christmas" width="128"/> <img src="linux/chanukah.png" alt="Chanukah" title="Chanukah" width="128"/> <img src="linux/kwanza.png" alt="Kwanza" title="Kwanza" width="128"/> <img src="linux/valentines.png" alt="Valentine's Day" title="Valentine's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/st-patricks.png" alt="St. Patrick's Day" title="St. Patrick's Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/easter.png" alt="Easter" title="Easter" width="128"/> <img src="linux/independence-day.png" alt="Independence Day" title="Independence Day" width="128"/> <img src="linux/halloween.png" alt="Halloween" title="Halloween" width="128"/> <img src="linux/thanksgiving.png" alt="Thanksgiving" title="Thanksgiving" width="128"/>

## Movies, TVShows, Books and Games

<img src="linux/stranger-things.png" title="Stranger Things" width="128"/> <img src="linux/matrix.png" title="Matrix" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw-2.png"  width="128"/> <img src="linux/botw-3.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/stark.png" title="House of Stark" width="128"/> <img src="linux/lannister.png" title="House of Lannister" width="128"/> <img src="linux/targaryen.png" title="House of Targaryen" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Jessica Van Rooyen](https://github.com/jessicavrooyen)

<img src="linux/gryffindor.png" title="Gryffindor" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ravenclaw.png" title="Ravenclaw" width="128"/> <img src="linux/huffelpuff.png" title="Hufflepuff" width="128"/> <img src="linux/slytherin.png" title="Slytherin" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Liam Richardson](https://github.com/discoliam)

<img src="linux/sw-bb8.png" title="BB8" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-boba-fett.png" title="Boba Fett" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-c3p0.png" title="C3P0" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-chewbacca.png" title="Chewbacca" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-darth-vader.png" title="Darth Vader" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-jedi-robes.png" title="Jedi Robes" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-lando-esb.png" title="Lando ESB" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-lando-solo.png" title="Lando Solo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-r2d2.png" title="R2D2" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-storm-trooper.png" title="Storm Trooper" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-xwing-pilot.png" title="xwing pilot" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sw-yoda.png" title="Yoda" width="128"/>

This icon was contributed by [George](https://github.com/jorgeb12)

<img src="linux/mrrobot.png" title="Mr Robot" width="128"/>

## Sports

These icons were contributed by [Aral Tasher](https://github.com/araltasher)

<img src="linux/barca.png" width="128" title="FC Barcelona"/> <img src="linux/champions_league-2018.png" width="128" title="Champions League"/> <img src="linux/real_madrid.png" width="128" title="Real Madrid C.F."/> <img src="linux/atletico_madrid.png" width="128" title="Atlético Madrid"/> <img src="linux/borussia.png" width="128" title="Borussia Dortmund"/> <img src="linux/galatasaray.png" width="128" title="Galatasaray S.K."/> <img src="linux/liverpool.png" width="128" title="Liverpool F.C."/>


These icons were contributed by [Alex Aquino](https://github.com/alexaquino)

<img src="linux/flamengo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/corinthians.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/parana.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vasco.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/palmeiras.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/cruzeiro.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/botafogo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sao-paulo.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/fluminense.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/santos.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/gremio.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/internacional.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/chape.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/atletico-mg.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/america-mg.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/bahia.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/vitoria.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/sport.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/atletico-pr.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ceara.png" width="128"/> <img src="linux/fenerbahçe.png" width="128"/>

## Countries

<img src="linux/brazil.png" title="brazil" width="128"/> <img src="linux/brazil2.png" title="Brazil2" width="128"/><img src="linux/Egypt.png" title="Egypt" width="128"/><img src="linux/Egypt2.png" title="Egypt2" width="128"/>

These icons were contributed by [Akash Debnath](https://github.com/reactuserakash)

<img src="linux/india.png" title="India" width="128"/><img src="linux/germany.png" title="Germany" width="128"/><img src="linux/china.png" title="China" width="128"/>

## Misc

<img src="linux/white-on-black.png" title="White on Black" width="128"/> <img src="linux/black-on-white.png" title="Black on White" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon.png" title="Neon" width="128"/> <img src="linux/stackoverflow.png" title="stackoverflow.com" width="128"/> <img src="linux/emo.png" title="Emo" width="128"/>


These icons were contributed by [Andrew Mundy](https://github.com/andrewmundy)

<img src="linux/neon-green.png" title="green" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-multi.png" title="multi" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-prerelease.png" title="prerelease" width="128"/> <img src="linux/neon-infinity.png" title="infinity" width="128"/>

## Pixar Characters

<img src="linux/lightning-mcqueen.png" title="Cars: Lightning-McQueen" width="128"/> <img src="linux/wall-e.png" title="Wall-e" width="128"/> <img src="linux/monsters-inc-mike.png" title="Monsters Inc.: Mike" width="128"/> <img src="linux/monsters-inc-sully.png" title="Monsters Inc.: Sully" width="128"/> <img src="linux/nemo-in-the-ocean.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Nemo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/nemo.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Nemo" width="128"/> <img src="linux/dory.png" title="Fiding-Nemo: Dory" width="128"/> <img src="linux/ratatouille-remi.png" title="Ratatouille: Remi" width="128"/> <img src="linux/the-incredibles-1.png" title="The Incredibles 1" width="128"/> <img src="linux/the-incredibles-2.png" title="The Incredibles 2" width="128"/>
---

## How to Contribute

 - Download the `vscode.sketch` file
 - There are a lot of versions. It makes it easy to for anyone to change colors
 - Make a copy of any of the versions
 - Change the colors and create your icon
 - Select the artboard and export a `svg` file
 - Select the artboard again and export a `png` file, but @0.25x (256 x 256)
 - Download the [Image2Icon](http://www.img2icnsapp.com) App
 - Drop the `svg` as source and export a .ICNS for macOS
 - If you can afford pay for in-app purchases, so you can also export to .ico. If not then find an alternative way to create a .ico file from a `svg`
 - Make sure, the `vscode.sketch` file is saved and committed
 - Send pull request

### [VSCode Icons Manager](https://github.com/Rawnly/vscode-icons-desktop)
Please check out this VSCode Icon Manager made in Electron by [Federico Vitale](https://github.com/Rawnly)

### [VSCode Icon Generator](https://vscode-icon-gen.herokuapp.com/)
An icon generator that allows you to easily change the background and accent colour online. Made by [DJDMorrison](https://github.com/djdmorrison)

## How to Install

**Mac OS:**

Easiest way to change the icons is by using https://freemacsoft.net/liteicon/. Just Drag and Drop the custom icon and hit `Apply Changes`.

Copy the `.icns` file you'd like to use. Find VS Code in your Applications folder, right click the icon and select `Get Info`. Click the icon in the top right corner so that a blue highlight appears around it. `⌘ + V` to paste the new icon in. It may take a few restarts of VS Code for the icon to take.

If for some reason that doesn't work, then dragging the `.icns` to the icon (in the top left) of the info pane, until you see the green plus sign and then dropping it works.

**Windows:**

Right click on the shortcut App Icon, select properties and then shortcut tab and then `change icon` button.

**Linux:**

I think this works, but not sure https://bluesabre.org/projects/menulibre/

### Contributions

Daredevil and Luke Cage by [@Rawnly](https://github.com/Rawnly)

Batgirl, Sublime Text, Neon, Spotify, White on Black and Black on White by [@fnky](https://github.com/fnky)

Monokai Pro and Night Owl by [@coltborg](https://github.com/coltborg)

Neon Set by [@andrewmundy](https://github.com/andrewmundy)

---
#### Disclaimer for Setapp
Icons inspired from Setapp brand colors are created by me. They are not created by Setapp or are based on their brand guidelines

You can get in touch with me at Twitter: [@dhanishgajjar](https://twitter.com/dhanishgajjar)
I post awesome stuff at Instagram: [@dhanishgajjar](https://instagram.com/dhanishgajjar)
